christinakc_
0
one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person followed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person followed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person followed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
No I had a bad day https://t.co/bHz2NWIYB4
one person followed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person followed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person followed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
@jennhaglandd Pretty roomiee
one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person followed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person followed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person followed me and 2 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person followed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person followed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person followed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person followed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person followed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCBUENI
one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
one person unfollowed me // automatically checked by https://t.co/CvLpCCcgci
